Task:
Develop an interface in 'ProjectMASUI' for activating and managing multiple MAS systems like AutoGen, ChatDev, and others with similar structures. The application should: 1. Detect and List MAS Agents: Implement functionality to scan a predefined directory for MAS agent systems, identify their main Python scripts, and list them in the UI. 2. Agent Activation Interface: Create a section in the UI where users can select and activate these MAS agents. This should include starting their respective Python scripts within their environments. 3. Real-Time Interaction and Monitoring: Develop features for real-time interaction with these MAS agents once they are activated. This could include displaying their outputs, status, and any other relevant information in the UI. 4. Agent Management Controls: Provide controls for starting, stopping, and restarting MAS agents, along with any necessary configuration settings. 5. Generalize for Various MAS Systems: Ensure that the design is flexible enough to accommodate various MAS systems that use Python scripts for activation, regardless of their specific internal structures. 6. Seamless Integration: The interface should integrate seamlessly with the rest of the 'ProjectMASUI' components, ensuring a cohesive user experience. 7. Error Handling and Logging: Implement robust error handling for scenarios where MAS agents fail to activate or run, along with comprehensive logging for troubleshooting.

Config:
ChatEnvConfig.clear_structure: True
ChatEnvConfig.git_management: False
ChatEnvConfig.gui_design: True
ChatEnvConfig.incremental_develop: True
ChatEnvConfig.background_prompt: ChatDev is a software company powered by multiple intelligent agents, such as chief executive officer, chief human resources officer, chief product officer, chief technology officer, etc, with a multi-agent organizational structure and the mission of 'changing the digital world through programming'.


Roster:
Chief Executive Officer, Counselor, Chief Human Resource Officer, Chief Product Officer, Chief Technology Officer, Programmer, Code Reviewer, Software Test Engineer, Chief Creative Officer

Modality:
application

Ideas:


Language:
 Python

Code_Version:
3.0

Proposed_images:
0

Incorporated_images:
0

